What is Python?
Python is an interpreted language. Explain
What is the difference between lists and tuples?
What is pep 8?
What are the Key features of Python?
How is Memory managed in Python?
What is PYTHONPATH?
What are Python Modules?
What are python namespaces?
Explain Inheritance in Python with an example?
What is scope resolution?
What is a dictionary in Python?
What are functions in Python?
What is __init__ in Python?
What are the common built in data types in Python?
What are local variables and global variables in Python?
What is type conversion in Python?
How to install Python on Windows and set a path variable?
What is the difference between Python Arrays and lists?
Is python case sensitive?
What does [::-1] do?
What are Python packages?
What are decorators in Python?
Is indentation required in Python?
How does break, continue, and pass work?
How can you randomize the items of a list in place in Python?
How to comment with multiple lines in Python?
What type of language is python? Programming or scripting?
What are negative indexes and why are they used?
Explain split(), sub(), subn() methods of "re" module in Python?
What do you mean by Python literals?
What is a map function in Python?
What are the generators in python?
What are python iterators?
Do we need to declare variables with data types in Python?
What are Dict and List comprehensions?
How do you write comments in python?
Is multiple inheritance supported in Python?
What is the difference between range & xrange?
What is pickling and unpickling?
What do you understand by Tkinter?
Is Python fully object oriented?
Differentiate between NumPy and SciPy?
Explain all file processing modes supported in Python?
What do file related modules in Python do? Can you name some file related modules in Python?
Explain the use of the 'with' statement and its syntax?
Write a code to display the contents of a file in reverse?
Write a code to display the contents of a file in reverse? <example in pdf>
Write a command to open the file c:\hello.txt for writing?
What does len() do?
What does *args and **kwargs mean?
How will you remove duplicate elements from a list?
How can files be deleted in Python?
How will you read a random line in a file?
Write a Python program to count the total number of lines in a text file?
What would be the output if I run the following code block? <example in pdf>
What is the purpose of is, not and in operators?
Whenever Python exits, why isn’t all the memory de allocated?
How can the ternary operators be used in python?
How to add values to a python array?
How to remove values to a python array?
Write a code to sort a numerical list in Python?
Can you write an efficient code to count the number of capital letters in a file?
How will you reverse a list in Python?
How will you remove the last object from a list in Python?
How can you generate random numbers in Python?
How will you convert a string to all lowercase?
Why would you use NumPy arrays instead of lists in Python?
What is Polymorphism in Python?
Define encapsulation in Python?
What advantages do NumPy arrays offer over (nested) Python lists?
What is the lambda function in Python?
What is self in Python?
What is the difference between append() and extend() methods?
How does Python Flask handle database requests?
What is docstring in Python?
How is Multithreading achieved in Python?
What is slicing in Python?
What is functional programming? Does Python follow a functional programming style? If yes, list a few methods to implement functionally oriented programming in Python
Which one of the following is not the correct syntax for creating a set in Python?
What is monkey patching in Python?
What is the difference between / and // operator in Python?
What is pandas?
What are dataframes?
How to combine dataframes in pandas?
How do you identify missing values and deal with missing values in Dataframe?
What is regression?
What is classification?
How do you split the data in train and test dataset in python?
What is SVM?
Write a code to get the indices of N maximum values from a NumPy array?
What is the easiest way to calculate percentiles when using Python?
Write a Python program to check whether a given string is a palindrome or not, without using an iterative method?
Write a Python program to calculate the sum of a list of numbers?
Write a program in Python to execute the Bubble sort algorithm?
Write a program in Python to produce Star triangle?
Write a program to produce Fibonacci series in Python?
Write a program in Python to check if a number is prime?
Write a sorting algorithm for a numerical dataset in Python?
Write a Program to print ASCII Value of a character in python?
What are nolocal and global keywords used for?
What is the difference between classmethod and staticmethod?
What is GIL and what are some of the ways to get around it?
What are metaclasses and when are they used?
What are type annotations? What are generic type annotations?
What are generator functions? Write your own version of range
What are decorators in Python?
What is pickling and unpickling in Python?
What are *args and **kwargs in Python functions?
What are .pyc files used for?
How do you define abstract classes in Python?